修改设计单位
  NAME
     axlDBChangeDesignUnits - change designworking units andaccuracy
  SYNOPSIS
     This allows the units and accuracy of thedesign to be changed.
     Either may be nil to maintain currentdesign value.
     When changing units, you should changethe accuracy to maintain
     adaquate precision within thedatabase. The following table will
     help in maintaining this precision (ACC := accuracy):
     
         UNITS      MIN ACC MAX ACC    DELTA
         mils          0      4         0
         inches        2       4         3
         microns       0      2         0
         millimeters   1       4         3
         centimeters   2       4         4
-) Decreasing accuracy is not recommended.
-) Switching units between Metric and English is not recommended due toinevitable
    rounding issues.
-) Use the DELTA to decide what theaccuracy should whenchanging units
         new acc = orig acc + (new delta - olddelta)
                 then limit to newmin/max
    Ex: mils to millim with current accuacyof 1
         new acc = orig acc + (millim_delta -mils_delta)
            4    =    1     +      3       -   0
-) When changing from one English unitto another or from one
    Metric unit to another, the defaultaccuracy must match that
    of the previous. for instance if you are in MILS 0 and change
    to INCHES the accuracy must be set to 3.
-) If you change from an English unitto a Metric unit or from aMetric
    unit to an English unit then the accuracy mustbe set to some
    number that is at least asaccurate as the current database. for
    instance if the board is inMILS 0 and you change toMILLIMETERS,
    then the accuracy must be set to 2, then if you change toINCHES
    the accuracy must be set to 3 (inches and 3 = mils and 0).
-) If for any reason the accuracy that isneeded is not allowed due to a
    limitation on the number ofdecimal places allowed for a particular unit,
    or if the user explicitly changes theaccuracy to make it less accurate
    then an error message is be displayed.  The message will say
    "E-Accuracy will bedecreased, database round-offs may occur".
    For instance if you are in MICRONS and 1 and change toCENTIMETERS, you
    will get an error since we don't allow CENTIMETERS and 5.
  FUNCTION
     axlDBChangeDesignUnits(
         t_units/nil
         x_accuracy/nil
     ) -> x_drcCount/nil
  NEEDS
         t_units - mils, inches, millimeters, centimeters or microns
         x_accuracy - range is 0 to 4 but may be limitedby above table.
  RETURNS
         drc count if successful
         nil if failed to make change
  CAUTIONS
         1) On large designs this make take time
         2) Reruns DRC if enabled
  EXAMPLES
     1) change design from  mils/0 to millim/4 (accuracy is to maintain
             database precision)
         axlDBChangeDesignUnits("millimeters" 4)
     2) increase accuracy from 0  to 2; keep same units
         axlDBChangeDesignUnits(nil 2)