回收数据库内存以便重用
4 b# D) D, @3 \' }
  NAME
         axlDBMemoryReclaim - reclaim databasememory for reuse
  SYNOPSIS
         axlDBMemoryReclaim( )
         -> x_sizeReclaimed
  FUNCTION
         Reclaims database memory for reuse by theAllegro database. Normally in Skill
         memory of deleted databaseobjects is not reused until Skillcode returns
         to the main processing loop.
         Should only be used inspecial cases since the default programming model
         works for most all Skillprograms. For a well written Skill program
         this is typically not required.
         Before utilizing this API, first try thefollowing techniques:
           - use axlDBCloak if are adding/deletingobjects that are etch based
                 (vias, clines, etch shapes, pings (e.g. like moving asymbol).
           - insure that you do not have any longrunning db transactions
             (axlDBTransactionStart). E.g. commit alltransactions you have active.
             Transactions can benested so you should commit all the way to the initial
             transaction.
         The one known programmingmodel this use this API is the "try-it" model.
         This is where a program adds anobject to the database, performs a test
         and then deletes it (e.g. utilizaes axlAirGap to get distances to other
         db objects).
         For the API to be mosteffective make sure:
            - Are not inside anaxlDBCloak.
            - The most memory can bereclaimed if you have no activedb transactions.
         Memory reclaimed isreturned to the database for reuse. It is not be returned
         to the program's memorypool nor returned to the OS. The program's memory
         usage at the OS level isNOT reduced.
         As a side effect some ofthe dbids that are checked-out may be reclaimed
         since they actually link todeleted db objects. They are reported as "dbid:remove".
         Do NOT use instead axltrigger callbacks.
  NEEDS
         nothing
  RETURNS
         Amount of memory reclaimed (bytes).
  SEE ALSO
         axlDBCloak, axlDBTransactionStart