
´°ÌåflexÎÄ¼þ
NAME
         axlFormFlexDoc - reposition (move and size) controls if form is resized
  INTRO
         Allows controls within a form to be re-positioned (moved and sized)
         based upon rules described in the form file. Rules may either
         be general (FLEXMODE) or specific to a single control (FLEX).
         Flex adjusting of the controls takes place when the form
         is adjusted larger then its base size. Sizing the
         form smaller then the base size, disables flex sizing.
         Controls are divided into two classes:
             - containers: Can have as members other controls (including
                 other containers). To be a container member is
                 automatic; the control's xy location must be within the
                 container. Container controls of the form are TABSETs
                 and GROUPs.
             - all others (includes containers)
         All controls except TABS (which are locked to their TABSET)
         may be moved when a form is resized. Sizing either width or height is
         control dependant are are listed as follows:
                 REALFILLIN      width
                 LONGFILLIN      width
                 STRFILLIN       width
                 INTSLIDEBAR     width
                 ENUMSET         width
                 PROGRESS        width
                 TRACKBAR        width
                 LIST            width & height
                 GRID            width & height
                 TREEVIEW        width & height
                 THUMBNAIL       width & height
                 GROUP           width & height
                 TABSET          width & height
                 <others>        no change in size
  GLOBAL MODES (FLEXMODE)
         FLEXMODE (general rules) apply to all controls in the form except
         those with specific overrides (FLEX). Only a single FLEXMODE
         is supported per form, the last encountered in the form file is
         used.  Several general rules are supported, they are:
             EdgeGravity: All controls have an affinity to the closest
                 edge of their immediate container. Exceptions are <xxx>FILLIN,
                 and INTSLIDEBAR control's edge gravity is based upon a TEXT
                 control positioned immediately to the left of the control.
             EdgeGravityOne: Similar to "Edgegravity" except controls
                 are only locked to the right or bottom edge
                 (not both). The closest edge is used.
             StandButtons: Only effects button controls. Uses same
                 logic as EdgeGravityOne.
         FLEXMODE can have an optional pair of additional arguments which
         specify the minimum form width and height for flexing. values are in
         character units. Flexing will stop in the given direction when the
         width/height goes below the specified value.
   CONTROLING INDIVIDUAL CONTROLS
         Controling individual controls is based upon the "FLEX" parameter:
                 FLEX fx fy fw fh
         It overrides any FLEXMODE in effect for that control and is based upon
         paramters (fx, fy, fw, fh). These are floating point numbers
         between 0.0 and 1.0. These values control the fraction of the
         change in container size that the control should move or change
         size:
            fx & fy
                 0 control remains locked to the left or top edge of its
                         container
                 1 control remains locked to the right or bottom edge of
                         is container
            fw & fh
                 0 control is not resized
                 1 control is resized in width or height based upon the
                         size change of its container.
         Container's positioning and sizing also effect their member controls.
         Containers are hierarchial.  Thus it is important to also
         make sure that the container of the control also has a FLEX
         constraint. The sum of the width and height of the immediate
         controls of a container should not be greater then 1 to
         prevent overlapping.  TABSETS are slightly different in one
         aspect in that the sizing of of their member controls are
         also based upon the TAB they belong.
  CAUTIONS
         It is possible to create FLEX constraints that results
         in overlapping controls. FLEX does not protect against
         this.
  RESTRICTIONS
            1) Form must be FIXED.
            2) While FLEX rules may appear anywhere in the form file
                 they should be group together immediately before
                 the ENDTILE.
            3) Range errors for FLEX option or applying width or height
                 to controls not supporting them are silently ignored.
         
  EXAMPLES
         1) Simple list based form with buttons (label of LIST is list).
            List gets all of form sizing.
             FLEXMODE standbuttons
             FLEX list 0 0 1 1
         2) Form containing 3 lists (a b c) positioned equally across the
            form. Desire is to have each list get the total change
            in height but to share in the increase in form width. Thus
            if form changes width the each control should get 1/3
            (or .33) of this change. Since list's widths change the
            list to the right also must move.
             FLEXMODE EdgeGravity
             FLEX a 0 0 0.33 1
             FLEX b 0.33 0 0.67 1
             FLEX c 0.67 0 1 1
         3) Form has a group (g1) containing a list (l2). These
            are at the bottom of another list (l1). Desire is to
            have both lists share in any change of the form size. Since
            l1 and group g1 are in the same container they
            The second list (l2) is a member of the group container (g1)
            so it moves if the group moves (0 for y) and it should get
            all of the group resizing (h is 1).
             FLEX l1 0 0 1 0.5
             FLEX g1 0 0.5 1 0.5
             FLEX l2 0 0 1 1
         4) Form has a group (g1) with a list member (l1) but the list
            doesn't resize. This is because the list is a member of
            the group which has 0:0 sizing. So even though the list
            has 1:1 sizing it never changes in size since its container
            never changes size. Both the group and its member list
            move because the group's has a 1:1 x/y factor.
             FLEX g1 1 1 0 0
             FLEX l1 0 0 1 1
         5) Form is a tabset (t1) with 2 tabs. Each tab controls a list
            (l1 & l2) that should be accomodate the maximum change in
            form size.  Since
             FLEX t1 0 0 1 1
             FLEX l1 0 0 1 1
             FLEX l2 0 0 1 1
         6) Use axlFormTest(<formname>) to experiment with your form.