图形绘制文件
  NAME
     axlGRPDoc - Simple GraphicsDrawing Utilities
  SYNOPSIS
     A set of simple graphicsdrawing utilities primarily aimed at
     drawing into bitmap areas (thumbnails) within the UIFforms package.
     (For more information on thumbnails, see thedocumentation on UIFThumbnail.)
     axlGRP is the AXL interface tothe GRP Simple Graphics Drawing utility.
  GENERAL USAGE
     The general usage of thispackage is to simplify application drawing
     into thumbnails within forms.The general steps for doing this are:
     1). Specify thethumbnail field within the form file. This should not
     have a bitmap associated withit.
      2). Call the axlGRPDrwInit function with the form, field name, and a
      callback function. This function returnsa handle for usage
      in later processing - hangonto it.
      3). Drawing takesplace within your callback function. Using the provided
      functions, you should redrawyou image. The callback function is invoked
      with the graphics handle asthe parameter.
      4). You can cause thecallback function to be triggered by calling the
      axlGRPDrwUpdate function.
      Note that the applicationCANNOT set bitmaps or graphics callbacks using
      the facilities outlined in theThumbnail documentation while using
      this package.
  SUPPORTED ELEMENTS
      This package supports thefollowing items:
      Rectangles (Filled andunfilled)
      Polygons (Filled andunfilled)
      Circles (Filled andunfilled)
      Simple Lines
      Poly Lines
      Bitmaps
      text
  COORDINATE SYSTEM
      This package supports amappable coordinate system. By using the
      GRPDrwMapWindow function, you can specify arectangle that will
      get mapped to theactual drawing area. An aspect ratio of 1 to 1 is
      maintained.
      The zero point of the drawingarea is considered to be the upper
      left point of the drawing:
      0,0--------------------------------------------------->
      |   
      |
      |
      |
      |
      |
      |
      V
      
  DRAWING MODEL
      A very simple drawing model isused in this package: earlier drawn
      objects are overlapped bylater drawn objects. The application must
      manage this.
   OPTION PROPERTIES
      Option properties can be set on ther_graphics handle prior to calling
      the drawing functions. Theseproperties are adhered to, if applicable,
      by the drawing properties. Theoptions are:
         color - applies to allelements
         fill  - only applies to rectangles andpolygons.
         width - only applies whengeometric elements are unfilled.
         text_align  - text justification. Only applies to text.
         text_bkmode - textbackground display mode. Only applies to text.
   
      The possible settings for colorare:
  
         black white red greenyellow blue lightblue rose purple teal darkpink
         darkmagenta aqua gray oliveorange pink beige navy violet silver rust
         lime brown mauve magentalightpink cyan salmon peach darkgray
         button (whichrepresents the current button color)
      The possible settings for fillare:
         filled
         filled_solid
         unfilled
      The possible settings fortextalign are:
         left
         center
         right
      The possible settings fortextbkmode are:
         transparent
         opaque
      Defaults for each ofthese options are:
         color       - black
         fill        - unfilled
         width       - 0
         text_align  - left
         text_bkmode - transparent
   NON-SUPPORTED ELEMENTS
      The following geometricelements are not supported:
            Arcs                                          
            Shapes (i.e. - polygon'swith arcs)
            bitmaps from resources
            ellipses
  
       Additionally, the followingcapabilities are not supported:
      
            Geometrictransformations (rotation, translation, scaling)
            Transparency.
            Loading bitmaps from theresource file.
            No 3 or 2.5 D
   EXAMPLES               
     See<cdsroot>/share/pcb/examples/skill/form/basic/axlform.il for acomplete
     example.
