打开一个网址的链接
  NAME
     axlHttp - URL browser interface
  SYNOPSIS
     axlHttp(
         t_url
     )
     ==> t
  CAUTION
     This interface may be modifiedin the future in such areas
     as including a web browserinside the program as opposed
     to external
  FUNCTION
     Displays a URL from Allegro.
     
     This displays the URL in anexternal web browser. It first
     attempts to use the last activewindow of a running web browser
     the system (raising it to thetop or de-iconify if required).
     If no browser is currentlyrunning it will attempt start a web
     browser.
     It functions slightly differentin a UNIX versus NT environment.
     On UNIX the only supportedbrowser is Netscape. If it does not detect
     netscape running on the system itattempts to start netscape.
     It may not detect if the webpage fails to load.
     It assumes that the program "netscape" is in your searchPATH.
     You can override the programname by the environment variable:
         http_netscape = <programname>
     Example:
         set http_netscape =netscape7
     Caution: On UNIX this interfaceis only verified with netscape it may
         not function withother web browser (e.g.iexplorer)
     On Windows it uses the defaultweb browser registered with Windows
     registry for URLs.If none is registered then the API will fail.
     We have verified that bothNetscape and Internet Explorer. Unlike
     UNIX this API works with anyfiletype that has a Windows
     registry entry (Example: if youhave acroread register for pdf
     files you can view an PDF filesvia Acrobat by axlHttp("my.pdf"))
     There is no Allegro environmentvariables available for the
     Windows interface.
  NEEDS
     t_url - URL to display
  RETURNS
     t ifsuccess; nil failure
     Failure can be due to
         no webbrowser found (UNIX) orregistered (Windows)
         Can't loadURL  (this error may not alwaysbe detected on UNIX)
  EXAMPLE
         axlHttp("http://www.cadence.com")